Add a notifications doc page (#333)
openfoodfacts/robotoff: doc/introduction/notifications.md

Robotoff can send notifications to the Open Food Facts Slack workspace. 
It currently does so in the:

- #nutriscore-alert (for Nutri-Score model predictions)
- #robotoff-alerts-annotations (for logo and labels outputs + manual annotations) 
- #robotoff-user-alerts channel (for manual annotations alerts, we've disabled it in 2019)
- #moderation-off-alerts (for problematic images like selfies and nudity)

> - #moderation-off-image-alerts (seemsa duplication of the previous one)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- #moderation-off-image-alerts (seems a duplication of the previous one)
```
